Create structs.md (#3455)
Codecademy/docs: content/rust/content/structs/structs.md

Reviewer: Need to change the path from `content/rust/content/structs/structs.md` to `content/rust/concepts/structs/structs.md`

---
Title: 'Structs'
Description: 'Rust structs are custom data structures used to group related data fields together.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Web Development'

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove blank line

> Description: 'Rust structs are custom data structures used to group related data fields together. They define the blueprint for creating instances with named fields, enabling organized and type-safe data storage.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Rust structs are custom data structures used to group related data fields together.'
```
Description should usually be one sentence.

>   - 'Data Modeling'
>   - 'Web Development'
>   - 'Blockchain and Cryptocurrency'
>   - 'Graphics and Computer Vision'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Web Development'
 ```
Subjects should be two entries from [this list](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md)

Tags:

>   - 'Comments'
>   - 'Documentation'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Comments'
  - 'Documentation'
  - 'Structure'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
---

> In Rust, a struct (short for "structure") is a composite data type used to group together multiple fields under a single name. Each field in a struct can have its own data type, allowing you to represent complex data structures. Structs are defined using the 'struct' keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rust, a struct (short for "structure") is a composite data type used to group together multiple fields under a single name. Each field in a struct can have its own data type, allowing it to represent complex data structures. Structs are defined using the 'struct' keyword.
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs

## Defining Struct

```rust
struct Person {
    name: Boric,
    age: 22,
    address: String,
}

> ```
> In this `Person` struct, there are three compartments (fields): name, age, and address. Each field has a specific data type (like `String`) that defines the kind of data it can store.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

In this `Person` struct, there are three compartments (fields): name, age, and address. Each field has a specific data type (like `String`) that defines the kind of data it can store.
````

> In this Person struct, we have three compartments (fields): name, age, and address. Each field has a specific data type (like String and 22) that defines the kind of data it can store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this `Person` struct, there are three compartments (fields): name, age, and address. Each field has a specific data type (like `String`) that defines the kind of data it can store.
```

## Creating Instances of Structs

> Now that we've defined our Person struct, we can create individual instances of it. These instances are like filling out the information in our 'Person' box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the `Person` struct is defined, individual instances of it can be created. These instances are like filling out the information in the `Person` box
```
